a bunch of famous people read mean
tweets about me which my mother was mad
about after the show she's like why
would those people say these things
about you
she won't know where they live that
she's Italian so but one of the one of
the celebrities who read mean tweets
about me was Larry David and Larry
really enjoyed it this is gonna sound
fantastic but I freaked out Jimmy I
[Music]
[Applause]
never has anyone been more delighted by
a mean tweet than that so this morning
everybody here was telling me that was
one of the few tweets he read that we
could use because he couldn't stop
laughing for the whole thing every mean
tweet about me had him crack it up so I
asked to see them and after that I
thought I would share it with you here's
Larry David unable to curb his
enthusiasm about a lack of enthusiasm
for me I bet Jimmy Kimmel would look
like a fat slob if he never became a
celebrity pretty funny can we talk about
Jimmy Kim I know things about me can we
talk about I Jimmy Kimmel isn't funny
ever why is he so confident where's the
self-loathing
oh man I can't believe you had me
reading this stuff Jimmy Kimmel always
working like wait Jimmy Kimmel always
looking like he real upset that he on TV
and had to take a big poop the only
power Jimmy Kimmel has is he can jiggle
the 13 on the staff pick these out
you're crazy
the only power Jimmy Kimmel has is he
can jiggle the 13th oh my god
can jiggle the 13th fat rolls under the
Pew beard on his face Jimmy King Jimmy
Kimmel isn't funny
oh are you ever going to embrace that as
a people I'm not supposed to laugh
during this right Jimmy Kimmel is the
most arrogant
I don't know
how to take that but I'm happy because I
didn't think Larry was capable of that
kind of joy in his life hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you like that click the
subscribe button below and good things
will happen forever